This is a head-gum original.
Amirlox, dead.
Just like soulless kind of.
Yeah, everything okay?
No.
But I don't know.
I did come on the Zoom with just like dead eyes.
Oh, really?
No, smile.
It's a dead eyes promo that I'm trying to do.
No.
It's just over.
See some smell.
It's important for people to listen to the back catalog.
Yeah.
What?
The dead eyes back catalog in order to...
No, we know what it means.
It's just why you think it's your job to promote it and have people do that.
On this.
Anything.
It's my job.
Yeah.
And Marika.
And not here.
It's just trying to have a good time, I think.
Oh, really?
Well, you actually, before we start recording, you said, can we get this out of the way so we can have a weekend?
So I don't even know if you think that this is going to be a good time.
Well, this is work.
Like verbally twisted to the listeners.
Like everything that a lot of us do slash all of us really.
If you include everything.
That is might optically seem fun.
But it's actually work that needs to get done.
If you love what you do, you never work a day in your life.
That's not true.
Because work is cash, which makes it not fun.
If you do something for money, then it's just to get it over with.
Do you think mechanics love working on Mazda's?
Yeah.
I think some really do.
They like sort of, yeah, like, problem solving and doing.
Yeah.
Find out that.
That's true.
Jeff, what are your hobbies?
Um, I, I like, opportunities.
Yeah.
But if it's like, I'll be.
One day.
I'm on Sunday.
What are your dreams?
Yeah.
If it's one being on a Sunday, I'm probably whack in it.
Sort of wank in it.
Jack in it, jerk in my gurkin till I finish.
Oh, come on.
I'm here.
You're wearing a V-neck tee.
Yes.
This was a nice shirt.
But it's really soft.
I worked a bed.
See, you're just like, Thomas.
Yeah.
In a way, yeah.
This plus shorts video podcast.
Mayor, I had, I've actually just now remembering that I had to dream that we were in the same high school class.
And we had a reunion.
A ring union.
We had a reunion.
And I, like, even in the gym, I'm like, I'm weird.
And you're like, yeah.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, what are you doing?
I think public and guests are on review review.
We were talking about your age.
Because someone said you were born in 2002.
Me?
Yeah.
And I see.
Physically saying that.
So that's why.
Was it you or Jeff?
Because I think there's only two people on that show.
So you say someone said that.
It was from a listeners and in the theme song talking about how you died.
But it was like 2002 to forever on your headstone.
Hmm.
Also, we should say the sketch of the tennis sketch is like viral on TikTok in a way.
It's not like 400,000.
Wow.
So many people being like, like, it's half people knowing who a mirror is.
And getting the net.
And then just half people discussing age.
This is what I mean.
You're humor.
I've also thought it wasn't any like.
Riley's 26.
Yeah, right.
Thought she was.
So I said, look at those croes.
And I'm like, sorry, you mean laugh lines.
Bitch.
Oh, wow.
That's a really cool one.
That's really nice.
Yeah.
Almost half a million views.
Sorry.
That's hilarious.
I guess we got to do a squeak wool.
That was like the.
And that was also me.
I think the first sketch that I didn't write or was in for head gum.
So it was me watching it for the first time while editing it.
And I was cracking the fuck off.
I was like.
It was hard to choose which takes to do because I think you guys did like three takes.
And they were all really good.
But for different reasons.
And I was like, I was having a blast editing that.
All right.
Good sign.
So that's really interesting.
That it's like the one sketch that you're not a part of.
And anyway, then the editing.
Interesting.
It became the most.
It blocked the reset viral viral.
Well, we.
We're laughing a lot.
And we had a great time making it like I feel like the energy.
It's just right.
Studio.
No.
I wrote it.
And then we improved a lot of it together.
Right.
But he was there during the shoot.
No.
That's when he had COVID.
Yeah.
He had COVID too.
So on top of all that.
And he think the secret sauce is me having an irreparable risk.
I would try.
I mean, having COVID was that one?
Was that three?
No.
Actually, not cool to make fun of people for getting COVID.
Yeah.
Well, you're not people.
It was interesting that the.
The more sick you get, the more viral we become.
Yeah, the viral load increase.
The viral load increases on both ends.
Interesting.
Also.
If you want to go viral.
Get virus.
He's not on.
Well, and he's really wants to get COVID.
Yeah.
I said.
I just secrets out.
Bitch.
We haven't done this for a couple of weeks.
But.
That's fine.
Can I ask my genuine question about the sketch first?
And I'm not fucking hot.
Uh, the bag in the fridge.
Oh, I think somebody's lunch, right?
No, it was our sound designer.
He was making.
I think it was his mom's birthday.
He had food that he was preparing for her to bring over to her place.
That's right.
And so that's the bag.
So it's a full.
It's a double bag of.
It's a double bag of unprepared food.
It was a Dutchel bag because it was like going to be prepared in the Dutch oven.
They were going to barbecue steak.
Yeah.
I wasn't there.
So I don't know.
I just was trying to.
That's why I was.
It's my freaking.
It's true.
Yeah.
Um.
They said no.
Gen Z bonds.
Yeah.
They said someone in the third.
Wow.
So I have like four months to get this shit booked.
Yeah.
Unless you're thinking to look young for my age.
Let's go around.
Jeff.
Daniel Craig said that he's injured himself on every bond movie.
Okay.
I think you would die.
For a long time.
Never does.
Pictures up in your gone.
I don't think so.
How do you think it would happen?
Like what kind of what stunt or if even a stunt.
Or you just like.
You think you make to the first stunt?
Absolutely not.
I think it's like.
And pictures up.
And action.
And he just croaks.
Oh.
From the.
It's impossible.
Kind of.
I think it would be from one of those like classic.
Like on mode.
Pads things.
But the whole scene is that.
And we're just on the back.
And he chart.
He.
He shifts his weight the wrong way.
Kind of like.
Yeah.
And of.
That's really.
The history boys.
A play slash movie.
He shifts his.
The wrong way.
And then he would die.
From a crash.
No.
The hell.
That's not the resume that gets you bombed.
I think it's he's he's shaking a martini in a.
And in a shaker.
But he hits his head just so.
That wouldn't.
That it fully.
No.
That doesn't kill you.
That knocks you out.
You fall backwards.
Glass table.
That kills you.
They somehow have the coverage of it.
On.
Doesn't make his own.
Imagine.
Just ordering from a martin.
A mirror and casino royale.
That's actually.
The one bond I could fit into.
Because I do like like poker.
Absolutely not.
I've seen it.
No.
I just assumed that in all other bonds.
He does something much more active than playing cards.
Casino royale.
Has a torture scene.
Yes.
The cock and ball torture scene.
What.
Mads.
Michaelson.
Ties.
Daniel Craig to a chair.
Fully nude.
And this.
It's a ball.
So it's a nodded rope.
Jesus.
That sounds so hot.
But he's like bond is like trained to take torture and not spill secrets.
So it's like.
I feel like it would be a beer.
Even though it's fake.
It would be crazy.
Yeah.
It would be fake.
So wouldn't hurt.
Sorry.
This.
Try guys thing has me like acting a fool.
Acting a fool.
I guess I'm not over it.
It's all.
You're violent in a way.
How is it affecting you like which part of it.
Then the standing.
I want to make sure myself into the discourse.
And I have a fan of it and then what is the thing.
I have no strong opinion about that or anything.
So why do we want to be a part of the discourse.
I want to trend.
Hmm,
You know, Armageddon is trending number 29 on Twitter right now.
Which is end of days or nuclear it threats of nuclear war.
tactical nuclear missiles, and that's 29. Try guys, it's not really cute.
Yeah, what is it?
That's insane.
Well, because the army got in his spine, it kills all of us equally.
That's what I was going to say.
Yeah. My body is Molly Ringwald.
Specifically. Why?
Because I want a 16 candles nod.
So, bond is obviously a Lothario, and a Casanova in the specific regard of sex.
And so, I want it to be a reverse 16 candles, but a nod within the 007 universe.
Extended cinematic or otherwise, where like Molly gets some tail.
And then she kind of like walks out of the MI5 bathroom and holds up a pair of boxers.
And everybody claps for her.
What are your guys' bonds of the week?
Ned.
Fomer.
Who?
Idiot.
Declassified.
Slanders.
Myed.
Flanders as bond.
A fully animated bang.
As Mario.
As bond.
That's pretty good.
So, give us the name is bond, James Bond.
But in Chris Prats voice as Mario.
So, this is Riley as Prat as Mario.
This is me. Yeah. Reus Prat as Mario as Mario.
The name's bond. James Bond.
All right. Now, I'm going to give you Riley as Prat as Mario as bond.
So, this is me as Riley as Prat as Mario as bond.
The name's bond. James Bond.
All right. I'll do a mirror as Mario as Prat as Mario as bond.
That was me, not Riley. That was you.
And now Jeff rounded up.
No, I think that's it. I think that casting sees that.
And then, like, behind the scenes for DVD footage, they're like,
I mean, when we saw Marika do a mirror doing Riley doing Chris Prat,
doing Mario doing James Bond. You just knew that was bond.
Do you know what I mean?
Marika is the bond in a week.
Marika, we found it.
Yes. Nice.
Um.
All right. Can you guys guess the friendliest country in Europe per Condé Nast?
The friendliest country.
Shut up. Riley and Marika. Can you guys guess the friendliest country in Europe?
Let me guess.
You can guess after. You just clearly need like a minute.
Guess after.
That's good.
All right. No. I know what my answer will be.
I live on a street where, first of all, a lot of hot people live on it,
but specifically, like across the street, there's like a house of models.
But then every while someone walks across the way and they're so
I'll go that I'm like, you don't deserve the space.
Yeah, I was going to say Denmark.
The fuck is wrong with you.
I think Denmark is perfect.
I have to change mine.
That was going to be mine, too.
Uh, I'll go.
I can lift the way, Nia.
And I'll win.
I'm not that.
Mother country.
I'm going to go.
Sweet.
Interesting.
Did any of us get it right yet?
No.
Can I keep guessing yet?
You only get one guess.
Ireland.
I've almost said that I thought you were going to make fun of me.
No, that's why I've been glued it, I guess.
But it's followed closely by Portugal and Greece.
Oh, well, that case.
Ireland was sort of depressing.
And I thought you heard famous.
And then you became a friend of mine.
Right?
How hard could it be?
How elusive?
How famed could you be?
I think I have to do with thinking that Ireland is nice.
You might think something and then it turns out to be something else.
The Newstreet.
Fuck.
Yeah.
My neighbors hate me.
That's the separate issue.
That wasn't even about the yellow.
Yeah, it doesn't feel like that's not yours.
Yeah.
Your car.
Thanks.
Hillary Swank is expecting twins.
Although, I've actually didn't expect it at first.
Meaning.
Fuck you guys.
Give us like a second.
She's 48.
Okay.
That's, yeah.
That's, that's a little bit of good info to have.
Yeah.
Interesting.
To the set that first.
To the foremost.
Yeah.
Sure.
Per Ares Technica.
Zell fraud is on the rise.
And many victims are being denied refunds.
Yes, you sell.
I don't use Zell, but I have a friend who exclusively uses Zell.
So what I'll have to do is I'll have to Venmo another friend.
You can then sell that Venmo money to my other friend.
Yeah.
You can get on Zell like in 20 seconds.
It's actually an incredible platform.
There's no fees.
The set is brought to you by Zell.
It's tied to your banks.
You don't necessarily have to create a new service.
It's like a pretty seamless bank to bank transfer.
Is that was also brought to you by seamless.
The seamless still exists, Marika.
Why are you asking me?
But yeah.
That's a New York thing.
Yeah.
Well, it's seamless slash grub hub.
They're the same.
But they're still a seamless app and website.
Yeah.
It's a bad thing.
Like, have you our indoor dash?
I was going to, you know.
Caviar was better before a door dash.
I'll say it.
Yeah.
What about your dash versus door dash?
What's your dash?
Is that Jewish door dash?
That's good.
They only deliver soup.
But it's an actual, like it's a clothing brand.
They make jeans and stuff.
Jeane door dash.
Oh, speaking.
Your dash.
Your dashers on the way.
You have jeans.
I learned yesterday that shacks DJ name is DJ Diesel.
Yeah.
No.
Well, his nickname was Diesel.
Was it really?
Yeah, when he was in the league,
he would, it's like shack diesel or just diesel.
Diesel to friends.
I didn't confirm.
Oh, you were lying in.
I really shook me.
I got an email that was like DJ Diesel,
aka shack.
I did have a dream last night that L.A.
was going to rename itself to shack.
Like the city.
Yeah.
It was going to be shack California.
California.
And then the Hollywood sign of a turn into just diesel.
That's a punch up of the dream.
But yeah.
That's a commercial shack is it next week.
Really?
It's a throw a borderline un-show.
Kind of a comment.
You cannot have to pause about it.
Kanye West put on a fashion show where he had people
where bad looking T's by the way.
So I don't see how it's a fashion statement.
Saying white lives matter.
Can you name which celebrities have said
they won't be wearing these shirts?
Boy, all of them.
DJ Hadid.
Correct.
Absolutely.
That is one of them.
Uh, yeah.
Pete Davidson.
Uh, no.
What was that?
I'm trying to find these not bad looking T shirts.
The last time I was on this show was where I like go.
And I remember that it was you were doing a question thing.
And if you got it wrong,
you were kicked out of the zoom.
And you're done recording it.
You should bring that back.
We don't want to get out of here, though.
We get it wrong on purpose.
You have to get it right to leave.
That's funny.
Not funny because you suck.
Everyone wants to not be.
You should be offended by that.
Next question.
The other ones were James Smith.
What's that?
The other ones were Jaden Smith.
Venus Williams and Hayley Bieber.
Oh, yeah.
It's going to the guest Venus.
Um, every stink in time.
You're always guessing Venus.
It's just like that's our answer for.
Get Luke on the pod.
Look at him.
He's a boy.
He's a little boy.
Say something.
Talking English for the first time ever.
It's going to happen.
He looks so bewildered.
He's looking at the window.
He wins.
Finally has that.
Fathered and bewildered.
It's Luke.
Is Luke.
He's a little ear.
He just passed away as it put him down.
Nice.
I put him down.
Yes.
Every stink in time.
See what got King's Charles flustered.
The new king has made a square with the royal fountain pens.
Oh, god.
He's the new right that.
King's handgun is royal hand.
He had a pull out a hanky after passing the pen to Camilla who got in on her hands.
Oh, hail the angry king.
Someone tweeted.
Charles bitterly wrote off the wiki pen.
Every line is a pun.
More than King Charles first battle with a pen.
A couple of days earlier when he officially ascended to the throne for claiming your majesty.
He just shared dismissively at a chain of pens to get them taken out of his way.
Someone on Twitter suggested send a pen guy to the tower.
And when the king was seated for signing, he kept fiddling with ink and trays grimacing as he ordered an aid to get those pens away.
Someone put words in the king's mouth.
The servant must clear my desk for me.
I can't be expected to move things.
Royal pain.
I'm not there.
Genie moats.
CNF.
New York.
Can't wait to do a video where you walk in and say that speech verbatim.
It was the first time I was like, found pen.
The king is making a splash with a royal fountain pen.
Pen.
Okay.
Please, we're talking about something.
Can't believe that aired.
I would fire that journalist.
What was there a tweet that was someone just like, all hail the cranky king.
Like, it's not even a burn.
That's not news like thing.
We don't just take a quick break, but we'll be right back with a segment.
Fitting for the season.
Thank you to Ferry for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Ferry is all about clothing for life's best moments, right?
Whether it's a Friday night football game, the first day of school or hanging out with the family
in your backyard this fall, they make clothes that feel good and make you feel good.
Ferry is a family brand that believes comfort and quality are key.
Founded by two twin brothers, Alex and Mike.
Ferry grew out of their long time love of the surf mountains, road trips, beach bonfires, et cetera.
You know the feeling they're passionate about craftsmanship and sustainability.
That's why every piece is designed to be a lifetime favorite.
In fact, their clothes get even better with age.
And if anything happens along the way, Ferry will replace or fix your clothes for life no matter what.
Lay your favorite pieces for a cozy fall vibe, or make it even easier with a one and done jump suit, right?
I just wore a jumpsuit in next week's headgum sketch.
Right now Ferry is giving all headgum podcasts listeners an amazing deal.
And that's 20% off every order.
Literally, you get a full 20% off your order every time.
So head to Ferrybrand.com slash what's that?
And use code what's that a check out to get this deal?
That's code what's that at Ferry F8 HERTYbrand.com slash what's that for 20% off?
Again, one last time.
Ferrybrand.com slash what's that?
Thanks Ferry.
Now a word from our sponsor better help.
Guys, you ever get stuck focusing on problems instead of solutions?
Well, it could go differently than that.
But it can be tough to train your brain to stay in problem-solving mode when faced with a challenging life.
But when you learn how to find your own solutions, there's no better feeling.
And a therapist can help get you there.
I'm in therapy every week.
I cannot recommend it enough.
If you have the resources and better help makes it easier to find them,
I think everybody should be in therapy.
You know, if not for yourself, for those around you.
Even if you can only go every other week, you know, figure it out.
Start slow.
Baby steps.
It's like, you know, go into the gym.
Just start slow.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, better help is a great option.
It's convenient, accessible, affordable, and entirely online.
And you can get matched with a therapist after filling out just a brief survey.
And you can switch therapists at any time if the first one doesn't work out.
So when you want to be a better problem-solver, therapy can get you there.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
To get 10% off your first month.
That's better help, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
What do you guys see on the screen?
Nothing.
Jeffrey James has started screen sharing.
Oh, scary clips.
Welcome to Scary Clips.
Oh no.
How long can Riley last watching the 10 scariest jump scare?
It's jump scares on YouTube.
This is bad for me too.
This is great that how long can brownly last as well.
This is horrible now they're gone.
No they're back.
God shit.
Or intravenous.
This is just a dress rehearsal.
So we'll figure it out on the day.
Yeah.
Um, here we go.
My God.
21 minutes.
Oh, no.
Not the whole thing.
There's only four clips.
Hmm.
I'll move you to this.
Um, like in cities.
Yeah, this is in cities.
Oh fuck.
Jeffrey.
It's so dark.
Oh, I should also say you guys can call Uncle any time.
Or sorry, he's Uncle.
Uh, but if you stick it out for all four clips,
you can win up to.
$40 that you actually can keep.
Which I think is more impressive than the $500 that used to send
and then beg to get back.
This is 40 real dollars you can get.
I wonder if jump scares mean as much like broad daylight
watching on a dark computer.
I wonder if I call the IRS on your ass and make sure you've been
doing your taxes correctly.
Yeah, I guess.
It's two equally important things to wonder.
But what is this kid doing?
Uh, he put like a tongue good truck and a teepee.
And again, you can call his uncle at any time.
Hey, this guy.
I can like barely see it.
I can't even hear that.
You can't hear the sound.
No.
No, you're more.
What about now?
Uh, yeah.
A toy truck.
Well, it's gone again.
No, that's better.
So long of a buildup.
Reiterating you can call his uncle at any time.
Mostly because I don't want to spend 40 dollars.
I just, it's like, I just don't know how long this cliff is.
I thought they were getting really short clips.
And now it's like, I really look like bodies.
It's in 20 minutes.
Oh my God.
That's a thing.
It's like knowing that these are all clips of jump scares,
and not knowing how long they are.
So I know it.
And because the music keeps going in and out, it's worse.
Because I feel like it's going to be like,
sudden sound and face.
Oh, my God.
That was nothing.
And it was no face.
Okay.
What is this?
Is that different put?
Oh, no.
Is this the rain or something?
I actually don't know what movie this is.
This one's at least well lit.
What?
Man.
Do you think it's scary to shoot these scenes?
No, kind of laughing.
This fucking kids.
Last night.
You guys are doing way better than I thought you would.
Well, because he's concerned that scary.
Oh, no.
This one.
This is insidious.
I remember seeing this movie.
This image that's going to come up.
It is insidious.
Because it.
I couldn't sleep for weeks.
It was like, that's the problem that I had.
It was so fucking scary.
And it also was like, I was asleep.
I had this thing where it's like, if I'm in the shower.
And I closed my eyes.
Because I was like, I couldn't.
I'd rather have my eyes burn with soap and close on us and imagine this shit coming to get
me.
Yeah.
That's my that's my main problem with horror movies.
Like, I just can't deal with the like mental.
Yeah, mental.
Why don't want that image in my head?
Yeah.
Like, jump scares.
I can deal with in the moment.
It was standing.
Maybe Rose Burner and save her.
She doesn't deserve those.
Oh, shit.
I mean, do you like horror movies?
I don't love or hate them.
I think they're like kind of fun.
But I never actively seek them out.
This is sort of in a great, it's like my forklash.
She loves horror movies.
This movie is colored bad.
I have notes.
Isn't Patrick?
Is there like an insidious series or what's this series?
Oh, my fuck, fuck, fuck.
I knew it was going to happen.
No.
Mm-hmm.
Um, I hate him.
Me?
No, but I do this.
It was the scariest.
Like,
Yeah.
To me.
Boba Duke.
Oh, my god.
That wasn't even a clue.
That was a pre-roll for her.
But it was the Boba Duke, right?
Yeah, that was sick.
Okay, icon.
Is it scary to watch it in the theater?
It scared me.
I'm watching it in a grainy video on my video.
Yeah.
And it's not even over my screen.
And it's, it's 11 a.m.
And I'm scared.
Is this a good one?
No.
Girl.
Why?
It's just an arm-warrer.
Like, Renaissance.
What movie is this?
Do we know?
It's a Twilight Breaking Dawn part.
Yeah.
What was that?
Oh, fuck.
What's that?
That was the conjuring.
Oh, those are the Patrick Wilson movies.
Patrick Wilson has his own.
Um, I gotta say, guys.
You made it through.
I really hope that this is not coming out as a video part,
and it's just audio of us.
Waiting for it.
I'm not going to then move America's his net worth is large,
but Riley and Marieka, Venmo fine or?
Um, I'll download Zell just for this.
No, Venmo's great.
You don't have to do anything.
Oh, then I'm not going to do it.
Um.
It's a topic counts.
It really is.
Yeah.
Welcome to, uh, ear factor.
Hmm.
Um, are you guys familiar with fear factor?
Of course.
Obviously, the game show where you kind of face your fears.
This is a little different than.
This is yours.
This is your factor where I'm going to face your guys's ears.
And, um, it's sort of again a test of will and strength.
For you endurance for for y'all.
Uh, this is going to be a game where I single y'all out one by one.
And whisper something by proxy into your ear.
Really, I'm whispering it into the mic and then it's going through the ear waves.
And then it's going into your headphones.
We're all wearing headphones.
So it real feel like I'm whispering in your ear.
Uh, and it's going to be a really bad sentence to hear.
Um, and once again, you can call Zonkel at any time.
Let's see who can survive ear factor.
Uh, let's start with just because this is the order of my zoom.
Let's start with Riley.
Um, what I'm going to need the, the other two to do is mute your computer until I wave.
Okay.
mute my computer or lung.
Yeah.
mute your audio.
So you can't hear me.
Riley should be the only one who can hear me.
Okay.
So I'll give you.
Give me thumbs up.
Okay, great.
Just us.
You never really know somebody's body until you've eaten their ass at least twice.
It can't be like a one time experiment and experimental thing.
It has to be an actual thing.
Um, I guess also feel free to respond in any way that you guys want.
Well, I guess I wasn't sure what the point of that was so it was it like, oh, how much of that can I withstand?
Yeah.
Okay.
Because I hear you say shit like that all the time.
And so it was just kind of like waiting.
You're good at me or you can you can put volume on.
Yeah.
Again, if I wave.
Um, should I come back or yeah.
Yeah.
Um, so yeah.
I mean, I guess then I'm not scared of that.
Hmm.
Okay.
That makes sense.
Riley and a mirror mute.
This is unreal.
Do we need can we have?
Um, our full video back.
Thank you.
Y'all muted.
Yeah.
I'm so lonely.
That I would pay a high class dominatrix.
A rack.
Just to spare five minutes on the phone with me.
Is that it?
A mirror's turn.
Should I come back?
Yes.
Okay.
When I wave you come back and I haven't been.
Anything less than crystal clear about that.
Yeah.
Meeting.
Marie can Riley, here we go.
Okay.
Sometimes I'll make dinner plans with friends.
And have someone else make the reservation.
Putting their credit card on the resume.
So that when I inevitably cancel last minute,
they have to incur the $25 ahead of cancellation fees.
Okay.
And I have to tell you if that scares me.
Back to Riley.
Oh.
Are you guys confused about the rules of the game?
Yes.
Okay.
It's not a game question mark.
What we all three of us know a specific private thing for now.
Yeah.
I got to Riley though.
Why is it?
Why do we often mute?
Yeah.
Why do we all?
I feel like why am I the only one hearing this and that makes it more uncomfortable.
Okay.
So we've done one of three.
Yeah.
So we're going to mute.
Now we know the rules of the game.
Yeah.
We know what's happening.
I don't know if they're rules or a game.
But we know what's happening.
We're going to mute Riley's turn.
Okay.
Pressing your teeth more than once a day is truly overkill.
Christ me.
Ha ha ha.
It's a little bit.
Saying shit like that.
All right.
Break us turn.
Why do I have to unmute just to hear Marika's turn?
I feel like I can stay muted.
Well, if you can keep.
Just give your head whose turn it is, then yeah, but I don't trust.
Don't be mad at him.
I'm just saying for the real thing.
For the real thing, we should adjust that.
All right.
This is being recorded as a podcast.
Back to meeting.
There's only one reason to carve a pumpkin.
And it's not to put out on your stupid October.
It's for fucking the gourd.
That tracks.
I'm here.
I'm feeling like I'm getting boring lens.
I don't know.
Like Riley's always having to.
Now I can tell you what mine was.
It wasn't probably wasn't any better.
It's just see his face.
Yeah.
Even like yours watching it without sounding maybe love.
I'm here.
Want some relationship advice?
Your partner should know you so well that they should be able to read your mind.
If they can't figure out your needs before you even know what they are for yourself.
And not only meet them, but go above and beyond.
Dump their ass.
What kind of reactions were you hoping to get?
Discomfort.
You know, shifting and you see it a little bit.
I mean, like Riley said, we hear you say this is going to show all the time.
Fine.
Then let me just do the last round to all three of you guys.
All right.
Great.
Shower beer.
Try shower gin.
Get's the job done quicker.
So you can relax and slip.
Yeah.
It's good that only Riley didn't hear that.
I don't know why I thought it was going to rhyme.
Relax.
And sing.
In the shower.
Kind of only means one thing.
My biggest dream in life is to be a board member.
This one's a call in response.
Jeff deserves a seat on the board of.
Viser.
Exactly right.
This is kind of like a welcome tonight veil segment.
But like poorly planned.
And like the things you're saying, feel welcome tonight veil.
But you could have found a better way to frame it.
Yeah.
It's like ASMR, but I don't like hair.
Jeff's brothers.
I really don't want to say the last one.
I wrote it late at night.
And I thought that we have to now.
You can't say that.
And then not it's pretty graphic and honest.
You didn't have to admit that.
And on worse.
Barbecue sauce all over its face.
I'm not going to say this one.
Don't worry.
You have to.
Such bullshit.
You have to say this.
You guys don't want to know this information.
And I don't want to give it.
So I feel like I shouldn't say it.
Jeff.
You have to.
It's just a description of my actual dick.
No.
Don't even joke.
I think it's an actual HR violation.
Ha ha.
Ha.
Plugs.
When do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point the people towards the floor is yours?
Um, I think when this comes out, the first east coast sketch will have dropped.
Holy smokes.
East coast manager.
Yeah.
So watching that if you haven't and maybe don't be mean about it.
Don't be mean about it.
I guess.
Yeah.
You can make fun of Johnny.
All you want.
Yeah.
But be nice to me.
Specifically.
Um.
Yeah.
I guess just head금 sketches.
Generally.
Rich.
Um.
Yeah.
Rich's review review and everyone wants to go check out the Super Mario's Super Mario Brothers trailer.
I think I'd love to direct people there.
Holy shit.
You're on the street team.
You're working with fucking Sony or whatever.
Mushroom kingdom.
Here we come.
See you on the street.
Just like to.
It works.
Box office records shattered.
Um.
We'll skip a mirror because he doesn't do jack shit.
Uh.
And, uh.
At Jeff Boyardian Twitter.
Oh.
At Riley and Spock.
Instagram at Riley Coyote on Twitter.
At Marie Kaylon on Twitter.
Instagram and letter box.
Yeah.
I was just going to say.
Plug that letter box.
Maybe.
Yeah.
See you guys again next week.
Thanks so much for listening to this episode of the head금 podcast.
Uh.
That's not.
I have an Instagram hand.
That was a head금 original.